Hi, guys, this is another orientation video for console changes, this time for Amazon excuse me,
so excuse me, has also undergone quite a few changes.
Again, most of the settings are the same.
It's just a different look and feel.
So let's go in and create a queue.
And I'm just going to create a standard queue.
I'm going to call this my queue.
And then you'll notice that you've got some options here for the configuration that we're going to go
through all of this in the section.
So and these are different.
So this is no different to in the old console.
The settings are the same.
It's just the layout.
We then had the access policies, encryption, dead letter cues and tax settings.
Now let's just create this queue.
So once you created the queue, there's a few settings here you can configure S.A.S. subscriptions,
Lamba triggers dead letter queues, you can monitor your queue, configure tagging, access policies
and encryption.
Now, the key thing I wanted to show you is how to send and receive messages, because we are going
to be doing that in the hands on in the section and is a little bit different.
So up in the top right hand corner here, you can click on send and receive messages, will then enter
our message body.
So I'm just going to put it in text message and then we can send that message.
And there are additional attributes here.
So four additional attributes.
You can expand this box.
Let's click on Send Message.
The message has been sent and now we can pull four messages in the bottom part of the screen here.
So this is our Receive Messages section.
Let's click on poll for messages and the message turns up.
We can then click on the message, choose, view details and view information about that particular
message.
And we can go in and see the body here and any attributes that we've defined.
So that's it's not hugely different.
It's just a little bit confusing when you first go and try and work out how you can send messages manually
and then poll for messages.
Now that we've finished with this message, I'm just going to go in and delete the message and that's
gone.
So I hope you find that useful.
And I'll see you in the next lesson.